Neutron  v2.0.0 upgrade doc NTRN-137 (#133)
neutron-org/neutron-docs: docs/neutron/v2-upgrade/overview.md

# Overview

This document provides a comprehensive overview of the significant changes and updates in Neutron version 2, focusing on the upgrades to Cosmos SDK, Wasmd, and Neutron's internal modules.

## Cosmos SDK Upgrade

Neutron has transitioned from cosmos-sdk v0.45 to the more advanced v0.47, encompassing significant improvements and custom adaptations. The key aspects of this upgrade include:

- **Primary Changes:**
    - Reference to the main [cosmos-sdk v0.47 documentation](https://docs.cosmos.network/v0.47/learn/intro/overview).
    - Access to the full changelog [here](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/v0.47.0/CHANGELOG.md).

- **Neutron's Custom Fork:**
    - We have created [our own fork](https://github.com/neutron-org/cosmos-sdk) of the cosmos-sdk, introducing unique enhancements tailored to our needs:

>         - **Gas Counting Exclusion:** Removal of gas counting in the upgrade module's begin blocker for more consistent gas accounting.

Reviewer: Please attach a relevant PR in our SDK here

        - **BankHooks Introduction:** Implementation of [BankHooks](https://github.com/neutron-org/cosmos-sdk/pull/2), a pivotal feature for the new Tokenfactory.

>         - **Optimized Slashing Calculation:** Backporting of slashing missed blocks calculation from sdk v0.50.

Reviewer: Please attach a relevant PR in our SDK here

        - **CometBFT Transition:** A significant shift to CometBFT for enhanced consensus reliability.
        - **ABCI 1.0 Support:** Enabling chains to implement their mempool with ABCI 1.0 compatibility.
        - **Module Parameters Handling:** Deprecation of the [x/params module](https://docs.cosmos.network/v0.47/modules/params). Modules now manage parameters directly.
        - **IBC-Go Upgrade:** Moving to ibc-go v7 for improved inter-blockchain communication.

>         - **Technical Enhancements:** Several minor yet impactful technical improvements.

Reviewer: Please attach a link to Cosmos SDK 0.47 release with a changelog

Author: it's already there, line `Access to the full changelog...`

## Wasmd Upgrade

Our custom fork of [wasmd](https://github.com/neutron-org/wasmd), based on version 0.45, brings forward these key developments:

- **Instantiate2 Activation:** Enabling predictable contract addresses through the [instantiate2 feature](https://docs.rs/cosmwasm-std/1.2.1/cosmwasm_std/fn.instantiate2_address.html).

> - **Smart-Contract Size Limit Increase:** Expansion of the binary size limit from 800KB to 3MB as [explained here](https://github.com/neutron-org/neutron/pull/320).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Smart-Contract Size Limit Increase:** Expansion of the binary size limit from 800KB to 1.6MB as [explained here](https://github.com/neutron-org/neutron/pull/320).
```

> - **Additional Improvements:** Various other technical modifications and advancements.

Reviewer: Please attach a link to wasmd 0.45 release with a changelog

## Neutron Itself

Enhancements within Neutron focus on integrating new modules, refining existing functionalities, and ensuring better alignment with the upgraded Cosmos SDK:

### Globalfee Module Integration

- **Minimum Gas Price Enforcement:** A mechanism implemented via the [globalfee module](https://github.com/cosmos/gaia/blob/feat/sdk-47-ibc-7/docs/modules/globalfee.md) to standardize gas prices across validators.

### Tokenfactory Module Update

> - **BankHooks Activation:** Introduction of BankHooks for smart contracts handling token transfers, as detailed [here](https://github.com/neutron-org/neutron/blob/update-sdk47/x/tokenfactory/keeper/before_send.go).

Reviewer: Would be better to provide link to our documentation which describes these hooks (not the code)

- **Fee Removal for Token Creation:** Elimination of creation fees for Tokenfactory tokens, promoting free token generation on Neutron ([source](https://github.com/neutron-org/neutron/blob/e605ed3db4381994ee8185ba4a0ff0877d34e67f/app/upgrades/v2.0.0/upgrades.go#L157)).

### Interchain Transactions and ContractManager Module Refactor

- **ICA Usability Improvements:** Enhanced Interchain Account (ICA) functionality for a more user-friendly and secure experience for developers.
- **Sudo Execution Error Handling:** Streamlined error message retrieval in the ContractManager module.

> - **New Fee Structure for ICA Creation:** Introduction of a fee system for developers creating ICAs on remote chains.

Reviewer: Please attach relevant PR's and links to our documentation
